Add readme note about go module versioning (#2589)
buildkite/agent: README.md

[vendored](https://go.dev/ref/mod#go-mod-vendor) into the repository unless
necessary.

> The go module published by this repo (ie the one you could use by adding `import "github.com/buildkite/agent/v3"` to your code)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Go module published by this repo (i.e. the one you could use by adding `import "github.com/buildkite/agent/v3"` to your code)
```
